concept of mytlihomig in stcp
Multihoming is the ability of an SCTP association to support multiple IP paths to its peer endpoint
The benefit of multihoming associations is that it makes the association more fault-tolerant against 
physical network failures and other issues on the interfaces. It allows re-routing of packets in the 
event of failure and also provides an alternate path for retransmissions. Every MP supports two XSI 
IP addresses; therefore,
 the SCTP multihomed Transport can have only two IP addresses.
 
 Through multihoming we can protect against failures in IP Routing and physical links, from a transport layer protocol.
 Transport Manager multihoming has the following characteristics:
When there are multiple IP addresses for an endpoint, one address is designated as the Primary IP Address to receive data.

A single port number is used across the entire address list at an endpoint.

Endpoints exchange lists of addresses during initiation of the connection.
 The client informs the server about all its IP addresses in the INIT address parameters.
 The server provides all its IP addresses to the client in INIT-ACK .

For an SCTP Transport acting as an Initiator:
Both Local IP addresses will be sent in INIT to Adjacent Node.

Both of the Remote IP addresses will be used. If the Primary Peer IP Address is down,
 then the Transport will re-send INIT to the Secondary Peer IP Address.

For an SCTP Transport acting as a Listener:
Both Local IP addresses will be sent in INIT-ACK to Adjacent Node.
A connect can be accepted from either the Primary or Secondary IP Address,
 and the connection can be established. It is expected that if the Primary Peer
 IP Address is unreachable, the connection can be established using the Secondary Peer IP Address.
 
 
ss7 roles
 Services offered by SS7 include the following:
call setup, routing and teardown.
call forwarding.
automated voicemail.
call waiting.
conference calling.
caller ID.
subscriber authentication and extended billing.
toll-free (800 and 888) and toll (900) calls.
SMS
mobile phone roaming and tracking